README.md, before:

# react-mini-app

react-mini-app is a simple Telegram Mini App built with ReactJS + TypeScript + Vite and uses the RippleUI library +
TailwindCSS for UI components.
It's intended to be used as a template for creating new Telegram Mini Apps using ReactJS and TailwindCSS.

## Setup

To set up the project, run the following commands:

#### Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install

```

#### Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev

```

## Features

- Integrates in real time with the Telegram WebApp data
  through [@vkruglikov/react-telegram-web-app](https://github.com/vkruglikov/react-telegram-web-app)
- Uses Tailwind CSS for responsive and customizable UI components
- Has a simple and intuitive UI
- Adapts in real time to the theme parameters received from Telegram
- Has a customized generator for components, pages and ui-components

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any ideas or improvements for the project, feel free to open an issue or submit a
pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more information.

Commit message:

feat: improve readme and first page

README.md, after:

# cloudstorage-manager

Created with ReactJS, TailwindCSS, RippleUI and Telegram WebApp API, this project aims to provide a simple and intuitive
way to read and set data into the new Telegram CloudStorage.

## Setup

To set up the project, run the following commands:

#### Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install

```

#### Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev

```

#### Pushing to production

In order to push to production, you need first to build the entire project:

```bash
npm run build

```

Then, you can simply upload the contents of the folder `dist` to your web server.

## Features

- Integrates in real time with the Telegram WebApp data
  through [@vkruglikov/react-telegram-web-app](https://github.com/vkruglikov/react-telegram-web-app)
- Uses Tailwind CSS for responsive and customizable UI components
- Has a simple and intuitive UI
- Adapts in real time to the theme parameters received from Telegram
- Has a customized generator for components, pages and ui-components

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any ideas or improvements for the project, feel free to open an issue or submit a
pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more information.
